# ICLC 2025 - Proposal for Live Performances

Live Performances (including audio, visual, and A/V or multimedia)
will largely be sorted into one of two formats: a concert format, with
seated audience; and an Algorave format, unseated and intended for
dancing. As we explore venues and dates, and according to patterns
that we see emerge from the submissions received, we intend to program
several different subcategories of the concert format.

## 1. General Information

- **Performance Title:**

- **Main Contact:**

- **Additional Performers:**

- **Performance Type:** (Algorave, Concert, \...)

## 2. Abstract

Please support your submission with a clear description of your
performance, the tools and techniques you intend to use, and
discussion of influences and prior art as appropriate. Peer review and
acceptance will be based on this abstract and the audio/visual
material you provide. The abstract will also be published in the
proceedings of the conference.

Max. 800 words.

## 3. Video and/or Audio Material

Please provide one or multiple links to video or audio material
related to this performance here.

## 4. Program Note

Please provide a short (max. 150 words) program note. This will be
shared in the online Conference program and used for any printed
program materials.

## 5. Artist(s) Biography

Please provide a short biography (max. 150 words each) for each
performer involved in this performance. These will be published in the
proceedings of the Conference.

**PLEASE DON'T FORGET TO FILL OUT THE TECHNICAL QUESTIONNAIRE BELOW!**

\newpage

# ICLC 2025 – Technical Requirements

Live Performances

## 1. General Information

### 1.1 What setting is the performance intended for?

Please describe the ideal conditions, e.g. Algorave with dancing
audience, concert setting with seated audience, setting with
moving/exploring audience? Inside, outside, lighting preferences?
Please indicate if any conditions are simply nice-to-have or absolute
showstoppers.

### 1.2 How many performers will be in the performance?

### 1.3 Are you open to being paired with another performer?

If you’re submitting a visual-only or music-only Algorave performance,
the Committee may select a complimentary performer to create a
combined A/V set, without additional input from you. You may answer
“no” if you don't want to be paired in this way.

### 1.4 Will your performance require technical support during the set?

Is support needed, e.g. to run lighting changes, timings, etc.? If
yes, please describe.

## 2. Materials Needed

### VIDEO

### 2.1 What are your projection needs?

Please state what connector type(s) you need (HDMI, VGA, ...), and the
ideal or minimum resolution. Do you need one or more extra
projections, in addition to the main screen?

### AUDIO

### 2.2 How many input channels on the mixing console do you need?

Please also mention your preferred type(s) of input (XLR, ¼", etc.).

### 2.3 Do you require a microphone? If so, how many microphones does your performance need?

### 2.4 Do you require a monitor, either over headphones or otherwise?

### 2.5 Are you bringing your own audio interface?

If you can’t bring your own for any reason, please state what you need
or what you think would be compatible.

### OTHER

### 2.6 How much table/floor space will you need for your performance? How many chairs?

### 2.7 Do you need an internet connection during the performance?

Please state if you need Wi-Fi, if you could use Ethernet, and how the
performance relies upon a remote connection of any kind.

### 2.8 Anything else you need?

Cables, adapters, power strips, anything else you can't bring yourself?
